Bug - Azure Sentinel -  Update fetch-incidents to support first fetch after upgrading the integration (#18178)
demisto/content: Packs/AzureSentinel/ReleaseNotes/1_3_4.md

#### Integrations
##### Azure Sentinel

> - Fixed an issue where the command ***fetch-incidents*** failed to fetch relevant incidents upon updating the integration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the ***fetch-incidents*** command fetched old incidents after upgrading to the previous pack release.
```
